okay so yeah walk back to Dino hunter
I'm gonna be finishing up blasts trophy
light I already did the rest of the
rifle series in a live stream so I guess
I'll be posting that to the channel as
well when I do this video but without
further ado we will get in here and we
will shoot growl Ness and I see you
looking at this right here I see you
looking at until you look that's not the
point in this video so we are not doing
this and you get no extra I need to do
this right now okay so let's kill Cronus
what's your story
that'd be a good one it's Halloween
we're not Halloween but it's you know
it's that October month but all scary
stuff and all the zombies and skeletons
Hina people cause us and stuff like a
Mad King Cronus rules the entire island
with terror prevailing over all those
who dare to challenge him well I'm
challenging right now it's a little
stretchy neck right there yeah I see
that
mmm yes see you're don't understand
right there underneath that little
little circular rock thing that looks
like almost like a shark fin but not
really a shark fin cuz I has a hole in
it and then then it looks like has teeth
inside of that hole because the hole is
like secretly trying to eat you while
you're standing right there but then you
don't know they're trying to eat you so
you think everything's cool and then one
day you're gonna come home and then it's
just gonna eat you and then you're not
even gonna know that at AU cuz you're
gonna be dead alright okay it's where is
he hello poppy puppy died yeah no you
stops wiggling your neck
I don't have time for these games I just
want to shoot you tick tock you could
sit in timeout and think about what you
just did okay
and think about that real good why is
why did he assume in on his tail the
people wanted the song not the tail they
wanted the song give them the tail
now I was gonna be upset cuz it go to
death but that I'm not happy you know
Tim men on Cameron of five he's just he
just couldn't get the the face area so
he got the tail so alright so down Rob's
Terry's okay and we got him at peace now
see here's the thing that kind of wears
me out a little bit I'm wondering how
they're gonna do the rest of this region
or or whatever because you have to
essentially buy this gun to be able to
do this and then this is the only way
you're gonna get the mat piece so I
don't know I I don't know what they're
gonna do they're changing up some stuffs
apparently but we're not touching that
right now I told you no one okay this
right I'm probably gonna do maybe like
like two or three of these just cuz it's
already the end of the region and I want
to get started on the event series so
I'm just gonna probably just end this
video real quick real fast real good
real fast real good real quick fast good
fast good and then I'm gonna start on
that thing I hey take that don't doubt
your phone say but on a hot day it
doesn't look like a little banana yeah
look at it it's like a banana Mohawk
that he doesn't want to share with the
rest of the class because he thinks he's
fancy
not like the fancy ghost but you know he
thinks he's special
so let me use this thing all right
I don't want to use no stinking bow cuz
I like this going right here I'm gonna
shoot this thing I'm gonna shoot good
and it's gonna be dead and then he's not
coming over for Thanksgiving not ever
again cuz he doesn't know how to use
sponges it's a true story so one time he
was in the kitchen he's trying to figure
out how to wash dishes but he couldn't
get his tiny little arms in the sink
area so I give him the sponge and he
takes the sponge and he eats it I'm like
why did you just eat a sponge I'm pretty
sure you need to go to hospital right
now he's like uh worried about the huns
venusaur so I do that and then you know
I had to tell him to leave because then
he started getting on the couch and
trying to eat the couch and then you
know he thought it was like a
triceratops or something I don't know
he's it's kind of off that day but
that's she's not getting into that a lot
of stuff going on these Dino's they go
through a lot you know they just don't
talk to people enough and because mostly
because they eat people but you know
they come to have a healthy healthy
kinda sorta still want to eat me but
respect vibe going on with me so you
know they talk to me from time to time
you know and I just try to do it a can
but these Dino's they're a real handful
alright so just go ahead and let's do
this one I think this is gonna be the
last one I'm going to do so then I'm
gonna get started on the event series
exactly when I end this but I was a hard
shot no I got a body shot boom I'm
supposed to be progressing my
sharpshooter skills I don't even think I
got that one day is it
Oh awesome sours oh yeah well that is
going to be the end of this video and
hopefully you guys enjoyed um
don't need to leave some likes and some
comments and all that good stuff really
helps me out lets me know that you like
the series and enjoy my videos and I
will see you all later bye
well I forgot I've got these sand to
wave this is my waving hand he's really
upset when I don't put him and tie the
action and sometimes you know he tries
to smother my face and you know I I just
lick them cuz he tastes like salt
sometimes but you know that's a point
this okay this is your five minutes fan
waving in getting to get this ride get
it right okay
okay three two one bye you yeah you suck
and you're fired
fired